They watched our from which our comments is taken as in November
2018 and the theme of the article was are you making Jehovah's thoughts your own now?
That's a deep subject for imperfect us imperfect humans to make Jehovah's thoughts our own and
The theme text is Romans 12, too. You might want to look at that
It's a powerful verse
They're a Paul wrote stop
being molded by this system of things and then on the other side of it
But be transformed
by making your mind over so that you may prove yourselves
To yourselves the good and acceptable and perfect will of God
What's he saying
Basically, he's telling us to let God's thoughts become ours
It's interesting because in spite of the great advancement in technology and the
Higher education look at the world's wisdom and what it's produced
Injustice unrest illicit sex
abuse of drugs we could go on and on and
The disastrous consequences that that's produced
First Corinthians reminds us in chapter one that a foolish thing of God is wiser than men
And the weak thing of God stronger than men
Well, that's a that's a principle and we all believe that
But that means that every one of us has a personal responsibility to work at
being transformed and to fight against
being molded by the world
Now Paul's inspired admonition is very direct
He doesn't say you may have to you know
Sort of look at this carefully and stop. No
He says to us stop it stop being molded by this system of things
Now we have to be determined to transform our minds from human thinking to Jehovah's
That means we have to acknowledge that the fact is that we're all influenced to some degree
By the spirit of the world we have to fight that
We have our own imperfect inclination
It takes determination
And what he says there as far as transformation is profound
It touches every fiber of our thinking of our
Inemost attitudes our feelings our inclinations things within us that no one else knows
So it's good for each one of us to ask ourselves from time to time
Are the changes that I'm making
Only skin deep what people can see
Or am I making adjustments deep within is my mind and influence
More by my culture than by Jehovah's thinking is my heart
More influence because I'm an American
Canadian Russian British Spanish black white whatever
Asian
Then by being one of Jehovah's witnesses now. It's easy to say I am one of Jehovah's witnesses
But it's not so easy to feel
The impact of that claim within the depths of our minds in our hearts
Now there's nothing wrong with being pleased with our culture and some of the traditions that come along with it
It's evident that Jehovah loves diversity and that's a beautiful thing in the human family
But that should not determine our attitude toward others and our general line of thought
Most importantly
It shouldn't diminish our determination
To reflect Jehovah's way of thinking rather than cultural or the system of things
So now where we have to be careful is it when we are studying and we some of us raised in the truth others not
And we all know that we have to work to read our minds of bad things. That's that's something that we do
But it doesn't stop there
If we only read our minds of bad things
Then Jesus in Matthew chapter 12 shows what could happen
Matthew chapter 12 verses
43 to 45
Notice what he says
When an unclean spirit comes out of a man
It passes through waterless places
In search of a resting place and finds none
Then it says I'll go back to my house from which I moved and on arriving it finds the house
Unoccupied that is a bad things and swept clean and adorn
But notice then it goes and takes along with it seven different spirits more wicked
than itself
And after getting inside
They dwell there and the final circumstances of that man became worse than the first
What's the thought? We have to keep pondering
thinking deeply
meditating
filling our minds on things of God otherwise
We can fall into the same snare that those of the world do even unwittingly
In fact, we can really fall into a a dangerous position of what is described at first Timothy
Where he calls out the world he says that it's being misled by inspired statements
and teachings of demons and
Never before have people been so completely deluge
With emotionally charged and misleading and distracting information you turn on the news
It's a hot with anger
unrest
lack of unity
But pondering on Jehovah's counsel safeguards us from falling victim inside
To misleading inspired utterances and teachings of demons
There's very interesting thought that highlights the need for meditation on God's word if you turn
With me or go to your pads your devices
Psalm 119
In verses 10 and 11
Notice it says with my whole heart
My whole heart I seek you
Do not let me stray from your commandments
verse 11 in my heart
I treasure up you're saying so that I may not sin against you
Now we constantly hear reminders of the value of
really meditating on God's word
Remember our midweek meeting part keep feeding on Jehovah's reminders and the video with brother Jackson treasure Jehovah's reminders
Something we should consider
meditating on even further
one final thought
Look with me at a prayer that's likely all of ours at Isaiah 648
Isaiah 648 says but now oh Jehovah
you are our potter
Or our father
We are the clay and you
are our potter
We are all the work of your hand
That's something that's a privilege to make fine quality pottery
A potter uses high grade clay. That's you
Because Jehovah has picked out the precious things
There are two things that he needs to do
First the clay needs to be washed
To remove any foreign material or contamination
Then the clay must be mixed with the right amount of water
And worked
So that it will retain its shape after being molded under pressure
So water is used both in the cleansing of the clay and giving it the right consistency
Well, it's similar with God's word and us
Jehovah
Works on us
When we
Meditate and ponder on his word
The Bible helps us to read ourselves of impurities
And transforms us into something valuable to Jehovah
And what a privilege it is to be associated with the valuable things of Jehovah
The Bethel family worldwide is our microcosm of a beautiful brotherhood that Jehovah is shaping
And may all of us be determined
To ponder over the thoughts of God and to resist the influence of the world